# Farmelp

*DON'T FORGET TO WATCH THE MP4 FILE TO GET THE ACTUAL UNDERSTANDING OF THE LOOKS AND WORKING OF THE APP*

TOPIC: Agriculture is up to four times more effective than other sectors in reducing poverty. Increasingly, the world is counting on agriculture to produce more nutritious food for — and improve the livelihoods of — a booming population, especially the poor. What could be more meaningful than being part of a proven solution to such a critical challenge? We’ve got a few very interesting ideas to bring youth closer to agriculture and also make money, because no millennial is going to his money towards charity in agriculture or anything for that matter.  Our website calls for investors! We are dedicated towards abridging the gap between rural farmers and urban youngsters planning to start their own business.Landlords or Farmer who can’t work on their land anymore for some reason can list their lands on our website along with the necessary information and we provide that data to anybody who visits our site. Now obviously all our farmers cannot describe their land in English so we are letting them type in Hindi(phonetic typing). Educated youngsters who can dream of a great business plan can buy that land, provide employment to the youth with innovative proposals over a land or to the uneducated youth by training them with farming processes and make huge profits out of it. This will also make the processes of agriculture more technologically advanced because our land owner can afford efficient fixed capital now!

 We have also provided a platform where all queries related to farming will be answered by some of the most qualified biologists all around the world! Not only that but you can also view already solved problems of other famers on the frequently asked questions page. Students who are studying agriculture will get to know the real world problems that our farmers have to face and they can then research for efficient solutions and provide solutions back to them.

 Last but not the least, anybody who wants to acquire knowledge about agriculture or wants to talk to the qualified experts directly can attend workshops that happen on agriculture all over India. We have provided links to the original websites of the workshops that are going to happen soon. Don’t forget to check those out!
